[jazz music]
Happy birthday, mom.
-Hey.
-Oh, thank you.
I get two presents this year?
Last year you only gave me one.
Come on, mom,
you already know that my
girlfriend's birthday and your
birthday are on the same day.
-So I have two.
-I know, I know.
Sally's birthday is a real milestone.
19 is a big one.
Yeah, she's 19 now, same age as me.
And I knew I had to get her
something very special this year.
She's a lucky girl.
Well, don't worry, I got
something new special too.
-[Aderes] Aw.
-[Elias] Here, let me get, oh, so sorry.
-[Aderes] Oh, it's okay.
-[Alvin] Here, uh,
you just, um, um, this one.
-[laughing]
-Yeah, there we go.
Oh, thank you so much.
-Yeah, of course.
-You know,
I feel like a very special
girl to having you as my stepson.
You always give the most thoughtful gifts.
I know I'm gonna love this.
You deserve the absolute best, Mom.
I wish I could stay and watch you open it,
but I'm running late and I have to go, so,
-I love you.
-Aw.
Happy birthday.
Have a good day, Alvin.
And tell Sally happy birthday from me.
[Alvin] Oh, will do.
Mm.
Uh...
Oh.
Oh, my gosh.
To the most important woman in my life.
I love every part of you, and I'm ready to
prove it by giving your
ass some special attention.
I can't believe my stepson thinks of me
that way or that he would be so bold.
[sighs]
We can't do that.
[music fades out]
[exhales]
Hm.
It is quite flattering though.
He has turned into such a handsome man.
And he took the time to get me
something special for my birthday.
So maybe I should treat him to something
special when he gets home from class.
Yeah.
Mm, Alvin should be home any minute.
-Mm-hmm, there's my big boy.
-Oh, mom?
-What, what are you doing?
-I have been waiting all day for you.
-[Alvin] Uh...
-I just wanted to,
you know, try on my birthday present.
Uh, you are wearing, oh, no.
Oh, I gave you Sally's birthday present.
I must have given you the wrong
one when we were talking last time.
Uh, I told her not to open her gift
in class so that they wouldn't see,
-well, that.
-Oh, my God.
We we must have switched
the boxes when they dropped.
Yeah, well...
I mean, I'm not exactly
saying I hate what I just saw.
-What? Really?
-Uh, well.
Uh, yeah, I kind of thought it was really
hot when you had your ass arched like that.
Um...
-[Alvin] Uh.
-Well, you know, honestly, I,
I didn't mind your, uh,
your proposal either.
Well, I mean, I did want to give those to,
to Sally, but I don't want
to disappoint you on your birthday.
So maybe just this once?
Just this once.
-[Alvin] Mm-hmm.
-Mm-hmm.
[moaning softly]
Oh, fuck.
-[giggling]
-Oh, fuck.
Oh, my god.
Oh, mommy, you look so hot.
Oh, yes.
[moaning]
[hisses]
[groaning]
Oh, yes, baby.
Oh, you know exactly how
to lick mommy's pussy.
Mm-hmm.
-[giggling]
-Oh, my god.
Oh, these panties are better
than just access to my ass.
You get access to everything, baby.
[moaning]
[giggling]
Yeah, that's it.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, that's it.
[moaning]
Oh, yes.
This is the best present
you could have gotten me, honey.
Oh, my god, it's like these
panties were made for you.
[moaning]
Yeah.
You might need to get
Sally a whole new pair.
[moaning]
Get your tongue in there, baby.
Mm, get mommy's asshole
nice and lubed for your cock.
[moaning]
I am gonna get you lots of
practice for your girlfriend.
Mm-hmm.
Get that tongue in mommy's ass.
[moaning]
I want my son's cock deep in my ass.
That's it.
That's it. That's it. That's it.
Oh, your tongue feels so good, baby.
Your tongue feels so good.
[moaning]
[Alvin groaning]
Oh, I love you.
I love the way you eat that ass, honey.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, that's it, mommy loves you. Yes.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Fuck, mommy.
Yeah, get deep in that
asshole with your tongue.
Mm, that's a good boy.
[Aderes] Oh, that's a good boy.
[Aderes] Oh, Sally is such a lucky girl.
[moaning loudly]
[groaning]
That's it.
Oh, yeah, baby.
Oh, fuck, mommy.
Pull that cock out so I can
-get it nice and wet.
-Fuck.
Mm-hmm.
There you go.
-Oh, fuck.
-Yeah, that's right, come here.
Bend your ass over here.
There you go. Fuck yes, mommy.
-Yeah.
-Oh, my god.
[moaning]
Oh, fuck.
[gagging]
Fuck.
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
Get it nice and wet for you, baby.
So you can slide it in my ass.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
Oh, yes, mommy.
-Oh, fuck.
-Give you some good anal training.
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Alvin] Oh, yes, mommy.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck.
[chokes and coughs]
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
Get that cock nice and lubed up.
[moaning]
Mommy know exactly what
you need to put it in her ass.
[Alvin] Oh, yes, mommy.
[Alvin] You always know
what's best for me.
[moaning]
It's always best to start with
a nice experienced woman.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Alvin] Fuck.
[gagging]
[moaning]
Mommy has all the experience
that you need, baby.
-[Alvin] You are fucking perfect.
-I'm gonna take such
good care of my son.
[Alvin] Oh, yes.
-[Alvin] Yeah.
-That's it.
[moaning]
[gagging]
[Alvin] Oh, my god, mommy.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck yes.
[Alvin] Yes, yes.
Oh, fuck.
[moaning]
Nice and sloppy just
like you like it, baby.
-[Alvin] Oh, my god.
-Mm-hmm.
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[moaning]
-Spit is the best lube for anal.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
You know Sally couldn't
have taught you that.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck. Oh, yeah.
[moaning, deep breathing]
[gagging]
[Alvin groaning]
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Aderes moaning]
-Oh, fuck.
-You might be all grown up, baby,
but you still your,
you still need your mom
-to teach you a thing or two.
-[Alvin] Fuck.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, yeah.
[Aderes] Look at all of that lube.
[Aderes] That might be enough...
[Aderes] to finally slide in my ass.
[Alvin] Oh, yes, please, mommy.
I wanna feel your ass so bad.
[moaning]
You wanna put it in my ass, honey?
-[Alvin] Oh, yes, please.
-[Aderes] Yeah?
-Come fuck mommy's ass.
-Fuck yes, please, mommy.
[giggling]
[Alvin] Fuck. Yeah, turn around.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[slurping]
[Aderes] Oh, that's a good boy.
-[moaning]
-[Alvin] Oh, my god.
Yes.
-[Alvin] Oh, my god, mommy.
-[Aderes] That's it.
-[Aderes] Get it in that asshole.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
-[Aderes] Open it up, baby.
-[Aderes] Open up that hole, yeah.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Aderes moaning]
-[Aderes] Oh, honey.
-[Alvin] Oh, my god, mommy.
[Aderes] Oh, it's been so long since
I have had someone in my ass.
-[Alvin] Fuck, mommy.
-[Aderes] Open me up, honey.
[Aderes] Open me up.
[Aderes moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, my god, mommy,
your asshole feels so good.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
-Oh, it feels so...
-big. Put it back.
-[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[moaning]
Oh, fuck.
It feels so tight.
I love the way you fuck it.
Oh, I love the way you fuck it, baby, yes.
Yes.
Oh, fuck mommy's asshole.
Yes, fuck mommy's asshole. That's it.
Oh, that's it, baby, yes.
-[moaning]
-[Alvin] Fuck!
-Oh, my god.
-[Alvin] Oh, yeah.
You know just how to open me up.
[Aderes] That's it.
[Aderes] That's it, baby.
[Aderes] That's it. That's it.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
-[Aderes] Oh, put it back in there.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, it's so good.
[Aderes moaning]
[Aderes] Uh-huh, yes, yes.
[Aderes] Fuck yes!
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Alvin] Oh, I love how it slips out, mommy.
-Give me more.
-[Alvin] Just like that. Yes.
Give me more. Give me more.
That's it, that's a good boy.
-That's a good boy.
-[Alvin] Fuck.
That's a good boy.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck!
Yeah, that's the birthday
present I wanted. Yes.
[Aderes moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Alvin] Yes!
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Aderes] Mm-hmm.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, mommy.
-That's it.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
-[Alvin] Fuck.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck.
Oh, baby.
[Alvin] Mommy, I wanna
worship every part of you.
Oh, I love that. Fuck.
Oh, fuck me.
Oh, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me,
fuck me, fuck me, baby. Yes.
[Aderes] Fuck your mommy,
fuck your mommy good.
[Aderes] Fuck your mommy good.
[Aderes] Fuck your mommy
good, fuck your mommy.
[moaning and gasping]
[laughing]
Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Pound that asshole.
Pound that asshole, baby.
That's it, that's it.
Use mommy's ass. Use mommy's ass.
Use mommy's ass. Fuck.
Use my ass.
Use my ass. Use my ass. Use my ass.
Yes, yes.
-[Alvin groaning]
-[moaning]
Use that, use that fucking hole.
[Aderes] Yes, nice and deep.
-[Aderes] Yes, baby.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Aderes moaning]
-[Alvin] Oh, my god, it feels so good.
-[Aderes] Oh, yes, that's how you
[Aderes] fuck your mom
for her birthday, yes.
[Aderes] Oh, fuck.
[Aderes] Fuck, fuck, fuck yes.
-Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck, mommy.
-[Alvin] That's it. Mm-hmm.
-Yes, yes, yes, yes.
[moaning]
[Alvin groaning]
Oh, fuck.
Yes, yes, make me fucking squirt.
Fuck.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, mommy.
-Oh, baby.
-[Alvin] Fuck.
Baby.
God, you fuck me so good.
You know exactly what I like, yes.
-That's it.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Aderes] You are such a good son.
[Alvin] Fuck.
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Aderes] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yes.
-[Aderes] Yes, yes, yes.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck, mommy.
-[Alvin] Oh, my god, I love using your ass.
-[Aderes] Yes, yes, yes.
[Aderes] Yes, yes, yes, baby.
[Aderes] Fuck yes, yes, yes, yes.
[Aderes] Yes, yes, yes,
yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yes, yes, mommy fucking loves it.
[moaning]
[Alvin groaning]
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
[Alvin] Fuck.
[Alvin] Will you hop on top,
mommy, please?
Move this way.
Yeah.
-Yeah.
There you go.
[Alvin] Oh, shit.
[Alvin] Fuck.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, yeah.
[Aderes] Yeah.
[Alvin] Yeah.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Aderes moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Alvin] Oh, put your legs in here.
[Alvin] There you go.
-[Aderes] Yeah. Yeah.
-[Alvin] Fuck yes.
[Aderes] Oh, baby.
[Aderes] Oh, baby, fuck.
[Aderes] Oh, my god.
[Aderes] Yeah.
Oh, you are so deep in mommy's ass.
Yes, yes, yes.
-[Alvin] Oh, like that.
-Oh, fuck.
Oh, yes.
Oh, fuck yes.
Fuck yes.
Don't stop.
Don't stop. Don't stop, baby. Don't stop.
Fuck, that feels so good.
That feels so fucking good.
Yes.
[moaning and gasping]
[Aderes] Oh, yes! Oh, yes!
[Aderes moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck.
[Aderes] Oh, you're the best fucking son.
[Aderes] Yes, yes, yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, fuck.
Fuck. Fuck, baby.
Fuck yes.
[moaning]
[moaning loudly]
Oh, my god!
I love the way you switch holes.
[moaning and gasping]
Oh, yes, use me.
Use all my holes, baby.
Use all my holes.
Use all of mommy's holes.
-[moaning]
-[Alvin groaning]
[heavy breathing]
Yes. Yes!
Yes.
Use more of my ass.
[Aderes] More of my ass,
more of my ass, more of my ass.
[Aderes] More of my ass.
[Aderes moaning]
[Aderes squeals]
[Aderes] Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
[Aderes] Yes, yes, yes,
yes, yes, yes, yes.
[Aderes] Fuck that asshole.
[Aderes] Fuck that asshole, baby.
[Aderes] Fuck me, fuck your mommy.
[Aderes] Oh, yes.
[Aderes] Fuck.
[Aderes moaning loudly]
[Alvin groaning]
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Alvin] Oh, yeah.
-Oh, yeah.
-[Alvin] That's it. Oh, my god, mommy.
-Nice and slow.
-[Alvin] Oh, just like that.
Yes, just like that.
Oh, yeah.
You spoil me so good on my birthday.
[moaning]
[chuckles]
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, yeah.
[groaning]
Oh, yeah.
[Alvin] Oh, yes.
[moaning]
[Aderes] That's it, baby. That's it, baby.
[Aderes] That's it, baby, yes.
[Aderes] Yes.
[Aderes] That's it, yes.
[Aderes] Yeah.
[Aderes] Fuck it good, baby, yes.
-Fuck it good.
-[Aderes] Oh, fuck yeah.
[moaning]
Oh, yes.
Yes, yes. Fuck.
Fuck yes.
[moaning and gasping]
[Aderes] Oh, fuck yes.
[moaning]
-[Alvin] Fuck yeah.
-More. More. More.
That's it.
[Aderes] Don't stop, baby.
[Aderes] Come on.
[Aderes moaning]
[Aderes] Oh, come on.
[Aderes] Oh, that's it.
[Aderes] You are still so young.
[Aderes] You should have
the energy for this, baby.
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck!
[Aderes] That's it.
[Aderes] Get back in there.
[Aderes] Give me that 19-year-old cock.
[Aderes] That's it.
[Aderes] Oh, fuck yes, stuff this ass.
[Aderes] Yes, baby. Yes, baby.
[Aderes] It's what you wanted, right?
[Aderes] That's why you got these panties.
[Aderes] Just to fuck an ass?
[Aderes] Come on, give it to me.
[Aderes] Give it to me,
give it to your mommy.
[Aderes] Give it to your
mommy. Give it to me.
[Aderes] That's it.
[Aderes] Oh, such a good boy, yeah.
[chuckles]
[Aderes] Oh, that's it.
[Aderes] That's it.
[Aderes] Use my asshole.
[Aderes] Use my asshole. Use my asshole.
-[moaning]
-[Alvin groaning]
[Alvin] Fuck.
-Oh, fuck.
-[Alvin] Fuck, mommy.
-[moaning]
-[Alvin groaning]
[moaning, deep breathing]
Oh, fuck.
Yeah, like that.
Like that.
Like that, like that, like that. Fuck yes.
Fuck yes, baby! Fuck yes! Fuck yes!
You know how mommy likes it.
Come on. You know how my mommy likes it.
Nice and fucking deep in my ass.
[Aderes] Yeah. Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
[moaning]
Oh, fuck.
[Alvin groaning]
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
-Oh, that's it.
That's it. That's it. That's it.
Yes. Fuck me.
Fuck me good.
Fuck me good. Fuck me good.
That's it. Give me that
fucking cock deep.
Deep in my ass.
Deep in my ass. Deep in
my ass. Deep in my ass.
Fuck, you are gonna
make me cum, baby.
Please don't stop.
Make mommy cum. Make mommy cum.
Make mommy cum. I want my
present. Make mommy cum.
Fuck yes.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, yeah.
[Alvin] Oh, I love it when
you cum for me, mommy.
[Alvin] Oh, it's so fucking good.
[Aderes moaning]
[Aderes] Oh, yes, yeah.
[Aderes] Yeah, yeah.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Aderes] Mm-hmm.
[moaning, deep breathing]
[Alvin] Fuck.
Oh, fuck!
[gasping]
Oh, fuck, I'm gonna cum again.
I'm gonna cum again.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck!
[Alvin] Oh, fuck, mommy.
You wanna taste it?
-Oh, fuck.
-Oh, I do.
Oh, fuck.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck.
My ass tastes pretty good.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[moaning]
[Alvin groaning]
Mm-hmm.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Alvin] Fuck. Oh, my god.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck!
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Alvin] Fuck.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, mommy.
[moaning]
[gagging]
[Alvin] Oh, my god, mommy.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Alvin groaning]
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
-Oh, mommy.
-Feels good to have an experienced
woman working your cock,
doesn't it, honey?
Oh, it feels amazing, mommy.
Please.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck.
19 is fun, but mommy is better.
So much better.
[chuckles]
[Alvin] Oh, yeah.
[Alvin] Fuck.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
-I love the way you tremble, baby.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck, mommy.
[Alvin] It feels so good.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[chuckles]
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[moaning]
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
-Mm, but you still owe me
my present, honey.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, yes.
[Alvin] Come here.
Lay down here, mommy.
Come here.
-Mm-hmm.
-Put your head over here.
Yes.
There you go.
[Aderes] Put it back, please.
[Aderes] Oh, I need more.
[Aderes moaning]
[Aderes] Mm-hmm, yes, yes.
[Aderes] Yeah, yes, yes, yes.
[Aderes] Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm, yes.
Fuck, get it nice and deep.
-Oh, fuck.
-Mm-hmm. Don't fall out of that ass.
I want you deep in that ass.
Don't you dare fall out.
You better stay in there.
And get your anal training.
[Aderes laughing]
[Aderes] Mm, yes, yes, yes.
[Aderes] Yes, yes, yes,
yes, yes, yes, yes.
[Aderes moaning]
[Aderes] Oh, fuck.
[Aderes] Oh, that's it, baby.
[Aderes] That's it. That's it,
that's a good boy.
[Aderes] That's a good boy.
That's a good boy.
[Aderes] Fuck!
[Aderes moaning and gasping]
-Put it back in my ass.
-Fuck yes.
-Put it back in my ass. Yes.
-Yes, ma'am.
That's it, that's it.
That's good, listen to mommy.
-Listen to mommy. Do what mommy says.
-Oh, yes, mommy.
-Anything for you, mommy.
-Do what mommy says.
-Oh, fuck yes.
-Mm-hm.
It's my birthday. I get what I want.
Fuck yes, mommy.
Mm, that's it, that's it.
[Aderes] Oh, back in my ass, baby.
[Aderes] Back in my ass.
[Aderes moaning]
Oh, fuck.
[Aderes] I want you to
fuck my ass until you cum.
[Aderes] Mm-hmm, don't you dare
try to put it in my pussy again.
-Yes, mom.
-[Aderes] I want you to fuck my ass until
you cum.
-Oh, yes, mommy.
-[Aderes] Yeah.
[Aderes] That's a good boy.
That's a good boy.
Fuck.
[Aderes] This is how you make your
mommy happy on her birthday.
[Alvin] Oh, yes, mommy.
Oh, you are gonna make mommy cum again.
[Aderes] Fuck.
[Aderes] Don't stop, don't stop.
Don't stop, honey.
Your cock is so good. Fuck.
Oh, don't stop.
Don't stop. Don't stop.
Oh, I love it.
[moaning and gasping]
Oh, fuck me.
Fuck me, baby. Yes, yes, yes, so hard.
[Aderes] Just don't stop,
just don't stop, baby.
[Aderes] Just don't stop.
-[Aderes] Fuck!
-[Alvin] Oh, my god.
-[Aderes] More, more.
-[Alvin] Fuck.
[Aderes] More.
[Aderes] Use the cum as lube.
-Stick it back in my ass nice and deep.
-[Alvin] Fuck yes.
[Aderes] Nice and
fucking deep. That's it.
-[Aderes] That's a good boy.
-[Alvin] Oh, my god.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck, mommy..
[Aderes] Mm-hmm, yes, use that asshole.
[Aderes] Use that asshole,
use that asshole. Fuck.
[Aderes] Fuck.
-Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
Oh, baby, yes, yes.
[gasping]
Oh, baby, yeah.
-Oh, you made mommy feel so good.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
You are making mommy
feel so fucking good.
Don't stop, don't stop.
[Aderes] Don't stop, don't stop. Use
mommy's asshole to make
[Aderes] yourself cum, baby.
[Aderes] Use mommy's asshole
to make yourself cum.
[Aderes] I want your load.
Uh-huh, fuck yes.
Fuck that asshole.
Fuck that asshole. Yes.
-Yes, yes, yes.
-Fuck.
Nice and deep just like that.
-Mm-hmm, fuck.
-Fuck.
Oh, my god.
Oh, you wanna hop back
on top of me, mommy?
Yeah.
Oh, please.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Oh, my god.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[laughs]
[Alvin] Fuck.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, fuck.
[Aderes] Use that hole.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, yeah.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
-[Aderes] Come on, baby.
-[Alvin] Fuck.
[Aderes] Hold on a little
bit longer for mommy.
[Aderes moaning]
[Aderes] I am enjoying
having your cock in my ass...
[Aderes] so much.
[Aderes] Oh, my god.
Oh, my god, it feels so good.
Oh, it feels so fucking
good, baby, yeah.
Oh, just like that.
Just like that. Keep fucking that asshole.
Keep fucking that asshole.
Oh, yes.
[moaning, heavy breathing]
[Aderes] Oh, fuck, I like it so much.
[Aderes] Oh, my god.
[Aderes] Oh, my god!
Oh, my god! Oh, my god!
[Aderes] Baby, yeah!
[Aderes] Yeah, make me cum again, fuck.
[Aderes] Oh, my god.
[Aderes] Oh, don't stop,
don't stop, don't stop.
[Aderes] Don't stop. Don't stop.
Don't stop. Don't stop. Don't stop.
[Aderes] Fuck, fuck, fuck, baby.
[Aderes] You are gonna make me cum.
You are gonna make me cum.
[Aderes] Fuck.
[Aderes] Don't take your cock out.
Don't take your cock out.
[Aderes] Keep fucking me, baby.
Keep fucking me. Keep fucking me.
[Aderes] Oh, fuck.
Oh, my god.
Oh, god, yes. Oh, god, yes. Oh, god, yes.
Oh, fuck, I love you, son.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, yes, mom.
[Alvin] You really are the
best mommy in the world.
[moaning]
[moaning, deep breathing]
[Alvin groaning]
[Aderes] Oh, my god.
[Aderes moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck!
[Aderes] I had no idea my
son had such a good cock.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, yes.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
-[Aderes] I want more.
[Aderes] That's it.
Oh, that's it, baby, come on.
You are young, you still
have the energy for it.
-Mm, keep making mommy feel good.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck!
[moaning]
I'm gonna return the favor. Fuck.
Oh, fuck me. Oh, fuck me.
Oh, fuck me, baby.
God, yes.
Don't stop! Don't stop! Don't stop!
[Aderes] Don't stop! Don't stop! Don't
stop! Don't stop! Don't stop! Don't stop!
[Aderes] Fuck!
[moaning, deep breathing]
[Aderes] Oh, you are the best.
[Aderes moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck!
[Alvin] Fuck yeah!
-[Aderes moaning]
-[Alvin groaning]
[Aderes laughing]
[Aderes] Oh, mommy needs to
give that cock a little clean up.
[Alvin] Fuck yes. Yes, yes.
[moaning, laughing]
[Alvin] Fuck!
That's it.
[moaning]
Mm-hmm.
[Alvin] Fuck.
[moaning]
Oh, my god, you made me cum so much.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, I love making you cum.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
Mommy squirted so much.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, my god.
-I really soaked your cock with my cum.
-Oh, my god.
[Alvin] Oh, you really did, mommy.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, yeah.
[Alvin] Oh, my god, mommy.
[Alvin] You really know
how to make me feel good.
[moaning]
-[Alvin] Fuck!
-It's my job to take care of you, baby.
[moaning]
And I really enjoy it.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, mommy.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
-You know, there is still a gift
I have been waiting for.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck yes, mommy, of course.
-[Alvin] Oh, my god!
-Are you ready to give me my present?
[Alvin] Oh, yes.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck!
[moaning]
[Alvin] Oh, my god, yes, mommy.
Fuck.
Oh, yeah.
-Oh, yeah.
-That's it.
-Oh, my god, mommy.
-Oh, fuck my ass.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
Fuck my ass till you cum.
Mm-hmm.
[moaning]
[Alvin] Fuck.
Oh, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, this is the gift I
have been waiting for.
[Aderes] A nice fat load.
[Aderes] Mm-hmm.
[Aderes] You know exactly
what mommy needs.
[Aderes] Mm-hmm, it's all that cum.
[chuckles]
[moaning]
Fill me up.
Mm-hmm, fill mommy up.
[Aderes] Oh, that cock feels so good.
I know that asshole feels so good.
Just keep fucking it.
[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
[Aderes moaning]
[Aderes] Use that hole to
milk all that cum from your cock.
[Aderes] Mm-hmm.
[Aderes] Use mommy's hole.
[groaning]
-Fuck!
-Yeah.
Yeah.
-Oh, my god.
-Yeah, yeah.
Oh, that's it.
That's it.
Nice and deep in mommy's asshole.
[Aderes] Just how I like it.
Just how I like it.
It feels so good, doesn't it?
-[Alvin] Oh, my god.
-Having mommy's tight ass around your cock?
That's it, baby.
[Aderes] That's it, give it to mommy.
[Aderes] Give it to mommy.
[Aderes] Oh, I need all of your cum.
[Aderes] Mm, it's the present I
have been waiting all day for.
[Aderes] Oh, fuck me slow,
deep in my asshole.
[Aderes] Oh, fuck.
[Aderes moaning]
[Aderes] Yeah, this feels so good.
[Aderes] That ass feels so good.
You just have to fill it up, baby.
Mm-hmm.
-Just fill it up.
-[Alvin] Oh, fuck.
Just fill it up for me.
[moaning]
This is the best birthday gift
that you could give mommy.
It's all that cum...
dripping out of my ass...
all over my ass.
-[Alvin] Fuck.
-Paint it for me, baby.
Paint my ass.
I wanna see how much cum
you shoot out for mommy.
Paint my ass, please.
-[Alvin] Fuck!
-Give me your whole fucking load.
-As much cum as you can.
-[Alvin] Oh, my god.
-[Alvin] Oh, mommy.
-All over, yes.
[Aderes] Put that cum all
over mommy's ass.
[Aderes] All over mommy's asshole.
[Aderes] Paint it, baby, paint it, yes.
[Aderes] Yeah, paint mommy's ass.
-[Alvin] Fuck.
-[Aderes] That's a good boy.
-[Alvin] Oh, my god.
[Alvin] Oh, wow.
[Aderes giggling]
[groaning]
This is the best birthday present yet.
I'm glad, wait,
that means I gave Sally
your birthday present.
Oh, man.
She got the gardening gloves
I was supposed to give you.
And she is allergic to flowers.
-[groans]
-[music]